Probability definitions and rules:
https://ds1.datascience.uchicago.edu/11/1/Probability_1_RulesDefinitions.html

from collections import Counter
Counter - calculates for each element in the list a number of occurences.
Counter([]).most_common(1) - finds the most frequent element.

Central Limit Theorem (CLT) - The Central Limit Theorem (CLT) states that 
if you take sufficiently large random samples from a population with replacement, 
the distribution of sample means will be approximately normally distributed.

Normal Distribution - .

Uniform Distribution - is used when all events in a given sample space are equally likely to occur.

Binomal Distribution - As the prefix bi- implies, the Binomial Probability distribution
describes a situation with two possible outcomes - often times described as ‘success’ or ‘failure’.

Bernoulli Trial - Statisticians call any random experiment with two possible outcomes
as described above a Bernoulli Trial.

Margin of Error (MoE)

---Confidence intervals---

t-multiplier for less than 30 samples - similar to sigma
z-multiplier for more than 30 samples -similar to sigma

import statsmodels.api as sm
sm.stats.proportion_confint(n * p, n) - calculates confidence intervals for a proportion

standard error(se) - calculates by std/np.sqrt(n)

sm.stats.DescrStatsW(df["CWDistance"]).zconfint_mean() - also calculates confidence intervals
--------------------------

---Hypothesis testing---

Ingredients of hypothesis testing:

- A null hypothesis (e.g. SSR=1.05);
- An alternative hypothesis (e.g. SSR!=1.05);
-A test statistic;
-A decision or a measure of significance that is obtained 
from the test statistic and its distribution under the null hypothesis.

---Interpretation of p-values---

When H0 is true: p-value is (approximately) distributed uniform on the interval [0,1]:

- about half of p-values are larger than 0.5
- about 10% are smaller than 0.1
- about 5% are smaller than 0.05

A small p-value (typically smaller than 0.05 or 0.01) indicates evidence against the null 
hypothesis (smaller the p-value, stronger the evidence). 
A large p-value indicates no evidence (or weak evidence) against the null.

